Update `azurerm_linux|windows_virtual_machine` - support `platform_fault_domain` for VMSS Flex support (#10803)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/windows_virtual_machine.html.markdown

* `plan` - (Optional) A `plan` block as defined below. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

> * `platform_fault_domain` - (Optional) Specifies the virtual machine scale set logical fault domain into which this Windows Virtual Machine will be created. Defaults to `-1`. By specifying the default value, this Windows Virtual Machine will be automatically assigned to a fault domain that best maintains balance across available fault domains.

Reviewer: we can simplify this to (and mark this as ForceNew):

```suggestion
* `platform_fault_domain` - (Optional) Specifies the Platform Fault Domain in which this Windows Virtual Machine should be created. Defaults to `-1`, which means this will be automatically assigned to a fault domain that best maintains balance across the available fault domains. Changing this forces a new Windows Virtual Machine to be created.
```
